please welcome Paul Rudd
[Applause]
[Music]
there's a split second when you know the
things going up yeah you think what do I
do
but guys is it because you feel it's a
little bit like price is right oh yeah
there's a new car that it just the
curtain goes up and you'd think it was
some kind of like like a mechanical
device or whatever loan is just a guy
pulling it yeah yeah yeah it works it's
all disappointing but yeah it does work
and you were able to break free and come
out thank you yeah I'd like to think
that my entrance was disappointing
though your entrance was perfect there
was no problem with it oh thank you
he didn't take you didn't you know watch
out too quickly and he didn't take too
much time and that's the key really I'll
tell you something what I thought I
didn't commit either way I kind of
danced this is an Ellen so you don't
have to dance just walk right out it's
like it's very old-fashioned yeah how
you doing what's going on with you uh
well I'm promoting this show oh yes here
to say hi I feel cheap by using me I
know it's it's a it does seem like a big
tour right now yeah I fly back to New
York tonight oh we're going to New York
tomorrow yeah that's I just heard that
yeah I live in anymore
we could talk for five
you came out here and we're gonna be
there yeah we could have just had you on
there yeah it could great but think of
all the frequent flyer miles you've
racked up now that's true yeah I think a
little of great stuff you've done for it
in the environment to you know fly use
those frequent flyer miles
the next time showing you go to New York
how long have you lived in New York I
lived in New York for 25 years 25 years
oh that's a long time yeah Wendy why'd
you go out there life why did you say
like I'm gonna go be in the theater what
are you good yeah that was a big part of
it I wanted to live in New York because
I had just graduated from acting school
and theater is a viable thing in New
York more so than Los Angeles I was here
for a few years but I thought I really
want to move to New York and I thought
if I do I'm gonna I'll know when the
time is right and why in one week I got
a there were a bunch of car wrecks five
in a week mm-hmm two of that wasn't even
in I had rented a car and somebody
smashed it so I need to go somewhere
where there isn't a car I went to New
York I got an audition for I believe the
Manhattan Theatre Club I needed to do it
a monologue and I thought wow I went to
the Juilliard library I do this one from
Amadeus and I was trying to remember
eyes it and I couldn't get it down and I
was thinking this is stupid
I love Amadeus I'm gonna do us Tom Hulse
impersonation who's the actor who played
him in the movie right yeah it was too
late to change and so I was walking to
the audition and I'm not focused I'm
looking at the ground going over the
lines over the lines I couldn't get
through them every fifth time I got
through it
I wasn't paying attention I bump into a
guy oh I'm so sorry and it was Tom Hulse
yeah just said no allow me works here he
hears stories every night
the first time I've ever heard and was
out of huh know what but I'm gonna have
to agree with him cuz that's it was
super weird right and so I said well
this is this is very interesting the
reason I bumped into you as I was doing
this monologue from Amadeus and I my way
to go to this audition and he didn't
seem as weirded out by it as I was but
but he said oh do you live in New York I
said no I'm thinking about moving here
and he said oh you should it's great
you'll love it and so I said okay I will
I went did the audition went back to the
hotel called my landlord and said I'm
going to move to New York and a week
later I let's say you got home is what
happened have you seen since that that
time have you seen Tom halts anywhere
and spoken to him about one other time
few years later our dish it was for he
was directing a play oh he was working
out of Seattle and I auditioned for the
play Wow how about that that's pretty
crazy
yeah great now your aunt a great
director and now I wonder if he knows
that you're ant-man now there are a man
can you go like an you live a normal
life now or are you chased by children
everywhere you turn I think I can live a
normal life but I do I do here no
ant-man the hits I'm assuming they're
talking about the movie I don't want to
be presumptive and the omx you're gonna
be in the Ghostbusters movie which is
gonna make it I mean that's gonna go for
a madman the Ghostbusters all the time
ah man who you got a call
have you shot that already
I just finished like about two weeks ago
so you know the whole thing I do tell us
everything tell us what's going on I'll
tell you one thing I'll say one thing
that's that's pretty great
okay because I think fans of the
original will like the film it exists in
the world you know but that movie was
directed by Ivan Reitman as many people
know yes this it was film was written
and directed by Jason Reitman who's a
great filmmaker right zone right now
he's kind of you know it's you know
that's right I know it's kind of uh it's
like the family the son of ghostbusters
I know that's pretty great yeah it's
kind of there's something special about
was it cool working with Dan Aykroyd and
Bill Murray well done how about Ernie
Hudson you guys must I bet you guys got
along well no what would they what could
think - isn't it terrible that now we're
we've come to this place where we're
talking about movies but we can't talk
about anything you can't talk about
anything arvo like um I can't say
anything in the past I'm like I can't
take me I couldn't ever tell anybody I
was ant-man now the only thing I could
tell you about ghostbusters is it's
directed by Jason Reitman there's ghosts
in there all right I mean there's more
to it than that that is the finding no
is it said in New York do we know that I
know that's well now we know that I
guess yes all right well Wow yeah I mean
I I mean I I know that it said you're
gonna be like I know the answer that
question I saw your new show by the way
and I very much enjoyed it and I wanted
a while we're gonna show a clip and
discuss it but the concept is hmm your
character is cloned right and now
there's two of you yeah because and I
don't want to ruin this either but can I
say why there are two of you or no even
if you can't let's just I'm so tired of
keeping seat yeah you know let's show
the clip let's take a break we'll show
the clip and then we're gonna tell
everything we're gonna say who's in
ghostbusters we're gonna talk about
the next ant-man launchers is Robert
Downey jr. really dead Paul Rudd will
reveal all when we return we'll be right
back
we offer our sincere apologies well I'm
sorry but you know what somehow that
seems just a little insufficient I mean
it's the minimum the minimum I should
get a refund sorry no refunds corporate
policy hey are you gonna add anything to
this huh are you just gonna sit there
this isn't real right I mean this is
some kind of trick no
so who's the clone you that's Paul
tomorrow on Netflix and ok I have a lot
of questions first of all do you get
paid double for playing two characters
or is it just one salary
yeah it's just one you should get twice
secondly I was watching this movie at
means TV show and I really liked it
excited me thinking about having another
one of me and like I just thought like
yeah maybe it makes me sound like an
egotist but I would love to have another
one of me what would you do
who would do the show we'd trade off you
know masturbation would be weird but
just have another video hang out with
but no I think it would be a fun thing
but but I will say this there's the
opening scene of the show is and I hope
I'm not ruining anything but I am going
to ruin something you are one of your
clone where your real self is buried
under the earth and is clawing out of a
shallow grave mm-hmm and you got a bag
over your head disturbing isn't it and
it this to me look like the worst thing
anyone would ever have to do was this
terrible it was horrible yeah it looks
horrible I read this in the script I
thought oh what a striking opening is
really you know that's that's a really
cool way to open the show and I stupidly
didn't think about what it would be like
to film it
because I'm also just wearing a diaper
as well but we showed up that was kind
of at the beginning of the shoot and I
walked to set which was just in a public
park by the way and really just riding
their bikes engrave oh and and then I
said well what's that and there was a
tube sticking out into the grave and
they said well we have to bury you so
you have to put your mouth over that
like a snorkel otherwise I wouldn't be
able to breathe which is bad yeah yeah
and I'm it's not good no and and so I
had to be wrapped in a bag and then I
had to breathe through this tube and
they kept putting dirt over me and and
there's a the natural instinct in all of
us is knows that that's bad yeah right
and it was really it was awful it seemed
awful and I don't know why I'm comforted
it was cold that it was indeed awful how
do you keep the two are the two
characters different or they are
different yeah always
well you know one is the uh it's
basically it's this guy who's not in the
greatest place in his life and he's just
you know tired and his marriages and
great work isn't great so he goes to
this spa because his coworker says uh I
went I feel fantastic and so he goes and
turns out it's not exactly what he
thought it was going to be and this
cloning thing happens but the original
guy was supposed to die I mean he was
supposed to die and there was only one
of the guy so now there's two I don't I
come back but now there's this new and
improved version of me ah and and so
some of the differences we thought all
right we they can't be so extreme that
it's Jekyll and Hyde so we started like
with hair is a little different posture
is a little different some of the
clothes are different the closer are
baggy ER and lumpier you all with the
old guy and the new guys all together I
had a really embarrassed
moment cuz I I was getting you know I
get really into it I'm really focused
and when I was playing the new version
there was a scene we were doing and you
know I'm all tucked tucked in and put
together and I'm thinking about the
scene and wanted something that a tricky
to do too
tuck in your shirt instead of tucking
your shirt in like this you I
I will unzip my fly and I reach and I
pulled down the yes sure I do that too
Clio senior taught me how to do it yeah
that's the greatest thing mm-hmm when
I'm saying going on I try anything and
I'm pulling the the you know the shirt
with my hand down my fly and I looked up
I realized oh there's 30 people in the
scene and they were all just looking at
me laughing because it was the grossest
most pornographic no hand down my pants
you know so the difference between the
two characters is one touches himself in
public well that's why I was interested
in the master
[Laughter]
[Applause]
if you liked that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies